Hahaha, I think the voice of this song I've listened to
What do you want to say?
I saw your wife and his wild man here too
Do you want to go say hi?
Let's go, everyone, this is a husband and wife after all
The man who is green in the world doesn't know, do you know?
Nothing I don't know
You told him about the divorce in the afternoon
I'll notify right away
I forgot to tell you just now.
A month of cold war between you and Mr. Hang
The time has come.
Today at 3pm.
The roller skating conference registration office cannot handle it
OK
What's up?
It's one of the big three.
Promotion and salary increase
Husband, hahaha, that's right.
Something like that.
You and I at that time at 3 o'clock in the afternoon
Divorce now cell phone
I'm going back to being single soon.
The days before that were no different from being single, right?
But there is a deep blessing.
Different handsome guy, I'm interesting
Since all good things come together
Then we must celebrate tonight
Celebrate how about we have a drink
Let's replace the wine with tea first, okay, hehe